In this lecture, we are going to look at contact form seven and workpiece post is SMTP mail.
We will also be looking at free and paid mail providers.
I recommend to plugins contact form seven and post a SMTP mail contact.
Form seven allows you to create contact forms for your site quickly and easily.
Post a SMTP will handle the form submission process.
Both of these plugins are installed from the WordPress repository.
Attempting to configure your own mail server to handle contact forms is unnecessary.
Mail server administration is extremely complex.
There are so many different parts to configure.
It's a job that's best left to experienced mail server admins to solve the problem of reliable delivery
of your feedback forms.
Installed Post is SMTP.
Post SMTP replaces the default WordPress SMTP Library remailer with Zend Mail.
It's easy to configure.
All you do is provide a few details and you will experience error free delivery of your contact forms.
The biggest problem facing you will be configuring an email address mail at your domain.
It's unprofessional to respond using a Gmail or Yahoo email address.
So you are left with two choices free or paid email for free mail at your domain email address.
Try Zoho.
Zoho is excellent and it offers you a free five gig mailbox.
Best of all, it's ad free.
You can access your mail using a browser, your preferred email client or the excellent Ionis or Android
app.
The apps are free for paid service g suite by Google.
Gmail is the gold standard when it comes to email.
So if you are prepared to pay five dollars per user per month, sign up for Gmail for business.
In this lecture we looked at contact forms as well as free and paid mail providers.